Add styletron-engine-snapshot package (#342)
styletron/styletron: packages/styletron-engine-snapshot/README.md

# styletron-engine-snapshot

[![npm version][npm-badge]][npm-href] [![dependencies status][deps-badge]][deps-href]

Implementation of the [`styletron-standard`](../styletron-standard) engine interface useful when testing with [jest snapshots](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/snapshot-testing).

**SHOULD NOT BE USED IN PRODUCTION**

## Installation

```sh
yarn add --dev styletron-engine-snapshot
```

## Reasoning

Snapshots generated with `styletron-engine-atomic` have 2 main issues

1. non-debuggable classNames in snapshots (`"ae af "`)

> 2. className generation is non-deterministic. If you create a new component,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. className generation is dependent on internal engine state. If you create a new component,
```
